I mean conquer the land may slaughter
the people that is not the end we will
rise again the day realm falls there
will be a shout of freedom such as the
world has never heard before I believe
in the past of my people and in that
future you are a conquered people
here me and your mother insists we'll
die today may God grant me finish
I don't believe in miracles stall life
is a miracle
I should kiss you good-bye
my people are praying for a man who
could drive their team to victory over
masala you could be that man
my earliest memory my dad is from the
set of man one that really stands out in
my mind is he used to give me rides in
the chariot how could that not stick in
the memory of a young man
if you stay here you will find ourselves
after this tragedy
I am already part of this tragedy
this is the day
William Wyler's masterpiece Ben Hur the
ultimate collector's edition for the
first time ever on blu-ray in
high-definition